HCL2: add packer.required_version option (#10149)
hashicorp/packer: website/pages/docs/from-1.5/blocks/packer.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: packer - Blocks
sidebar_title: <tt>packer</tt>
description: |-
  The "packer" configuration section is used to configure some behaviors
  of Packer itself.
---

# Packer Settings

`@include 'from-1.5/beta-hcl2-note.mdx'`

> The special `packer` configuration block type is used to configure some

Reviewer: Special makes it seem like a temporal or workaround block to me. What do you think about dropping "special". 
```suggestion
The `packer` configuration block type is used to configure some
```

Author: Yup I agree !

> behaviors of Packer itself, such as requiring a minimum Packer version to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
behaviors of Packer itself, such as the minimum required Packer version needed to 
```

Author: Thanks !

arguments may not refer to named objects such as resources, input variables,
etc, and may not use any of the Packer language built-in functions.

The various options supported within a `packer` block are described in the
following sections.

## Specifying a Required Packer Version

The `required_version` setting accepts a [version constraint
string,](#version-constraints) which specifies which versions of Packer
can be used with your configuration.

If the running version of Packer doesn't match the constraints specified,
Packer will produce an error and exit without taking any further actions.

Use Packer version constraints in a collaborative environment to
ensure that everyone is using a specific Packer version, or using at least
a minimum Packer version that has behavior expected by the configuration.

## Version Constraints

Anywhere that Packer lets you specify a range of acceptable versions for
something, it expects a specially formatted string known as a version
constraint.

### Version Constraint Syntax

Packer's syntax for version constraints is very similar to the syntax used by
other dependency management systems like Bundler and NPM.

```hcl

> version = ">= 1.2.0, < 2.0.0"

Reviewer 2: the option is `required_version`, not version -- this got me very confused, because when I supplied the Packer block with just "version", the build ran successfully without complaint even though the constraint wasn't met and the field was the wrong name. Can we set our version finder to make sure we strictly look for the right key on the Packer block?

Author: Oops ! 🤦🏼  Yes, missed it after a rename.
